Are you angry?
Hang up if you want
If you want me to take care of you, take care of you
What about my dignity as a top gifter?
Ouch, your behavior of hanging up the phone yesterday was not very good.
Then I didn't mean to, I was wrong.
There's nothing to be angry about.
It's all about catching the wind
Think if you argue with other women about me
But I don't care at all
Are you happy?
That seems to be the case.
Nature means care
Apologize now
Prove that my status in his heart is still high
You tomorrow
Are you going to record a 30-to-20 game?
How do you know?
I'll take you there tomorrow. Okay.
This song hits the soul, I love it so much
It is said that he composed the music himself
What a beautiful and talented treasure girl
Sister Yang is stabilizing
They're going to trick you into going to the jewelry store
So that you can be stopped by security at the door and make a fool of yourself
It's really not there
You help me tell them I'm going
Brother Zhao Meijia
They took Sister Nuan to the jewelry fair
But Sister Nuan didn't have an invitation by then
It's time for these second masters to beat
Mao Jie
Vice President
Go see the bluetooth building
Is it the SK president meeting tonight?
Yes, Vice President
The organizers sent an invitation
But you refused